README.md, before:


# docker-host
Docker image to forward all traffic to the docker host 
* uses dns entry `host.docker.internal` if available
* or default gateway as docker host

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/qoomon/docker-host.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/qoomon/docker-host)
[![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/qoomon/docker-host.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/qoomon/docker-host/)

## Docker Example - Link
Run the dockerhost container.
```sh
docker run --name 'dockerhost' \
  --cap-add=NET_ADMIN --cap-add=NET_RAW \
  --restart on-failure \
  qoomon/docker-host
```
Run your application container and link the dockerhost container.
The dockerhost will be reachable through the domain/link `dockerhost` of the dockerhost container e.g. `dockerhost:8080`
This example uses `curl` as an application dummy.
```sh
docker run --name dummy \
  --link 'dockerhost' 
  appropriate/curl 'http://dockerhost8080'
```

## Docker Example - Network
Create the dockerhost network.
```sh
network_name="Network-$RANDOM"
docker network create "$network_name"
```
Run the dockerhost container within the dockerhost network.
```sh
docker run --name "${network_name}-dockerhost" \
  --cap-add=NET_ADMIN --cap-add=NET_RAW \
  --restart on-failure \
  --net=${network_name} --network-alias 'dockerhost' \
  qoomon/docker-host
```
Run your application container within the dockerhost network.
The dockerhost will be reachable through the domain/network-alias `dockerhost` of the dockerhost container e.g. `dockerhost:8080`
This example uses `curl` as an application dummy.
```sh
docker run --name dummy \
  --net=${network_name} \
  appropriate/curl 'http://dockerhost:8080'
```

# Docker Compose Example
```yaml
version: '2'

services:
    dockerhost:
        image: qoomon/docker-host
        cap_add: [ 'NET_ADMIN', 'NET_RAW' ]
        mem_limit: 4M
        restart: on-failure
    dummy:
        depends_on: [ dockerhost ]
        image: appropriate/curl
        command: ["http://dockerhost8080"]
```

Commit message:

Set DOCKER_HOST manually to forward to arbitrary destinations

README.md, after:


# docker-host
Docker image to forward all traffic to the docker host 
* uses dns entry `host.docker.internal` if available
* or default gateway as docker host

You can manually override the destination IP address by setting the environment variable `DOCKER_HOST`.
This allows you to use this image to forward traffic to arbitrary destinations, not only the docker host.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/qoomon/docker-host.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/qoomon/docker-host)
[![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/qoomon/docker-host.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/qoomon/docker-host/)

## Docker Example - Link
Run the dockerhost container.
```sh
docker run --name 'dockerhost' \
  --cap-add=NET_ADMIN --cap-add=NET_RAW \
  --restart on-failure \
  qoomon/docker-host
```
Run your application container and link the dockerhost container.
The dockerhost will be reachable through the domain/link `dockerhost` of the dockerhost container e.g. `dockerhost:8080`
This example uses `curl` as an application dummy.
```sh
docker run --name dummy \
  --link 'dockerhost' 
  appropriate/curl 'http://dockerhost8080'
```

## Docker Example - Network
Create the dockerhost network.
```sh
network_name="Network-$RANDOM"
docker network create "$network_name"
```
Run the dockerhost container within the dockerhost network.
```sh
docker run --name "${network_name}-dockerhost" \
  --cap-add=NET_ADMIN --cap-add=NET_RAW \
  --restart on-failure \
  --net=${network_name} --network-alias 'dockerhost' \
  qoomon/docker-host
```
Run your application container within the dockerhost network.
The dockerhost will be reachable through the domain/network-alias `dockerhost` of the dockerhost container e.g. `dockerhost:8080`
This example uses `curl` as an application dummy.
```sh
docker run --name dummy \
  --net=${network_name} \
  appropriate/curl 'http://dockerhost:8080'
```

# Docker Compose Example
```yaml
version: '2'

services:
    dockerhost:
        image: qoomon/docker-host
        cap_add: [ 'NET_ADMIN', 'NET_RAW' ]
        mem_limit: 4M
        restart: on-failure
    dummy:
        depends_on: [ dockerhost ]
        image: appropriate/curl
        command: ["http://dockerhost8080"]
```
